Today is still a continuation of my thoughts about life and considering that yesterday I didn't have
much room to spare for my actual day, I'll write a little about what happened yesterday outside of
my thoughts. 

First Liam just finished his PM interview with Google, and he said he killed it. Apparently the
interview prep I did with him might have paid off, though most of the credit goes to him. I was
pretty proud of him, the emotion ringing in my soul a little more than I expected. I'm actually
quite glad that Google promotes equity over equality in their application process. Though I would be
a stronger candidate than him in these positions (e.g. he has a 2.7~ GPA), Liam's gone through a lot
of shit in his life and he's built a lot of character because of it. I've had a relatively
comfortable life compared to him, so even though it's a little disappointing that I don't get these
repsonses from companies, I'm glad that Google gives these opportunities to those who've been
brought up in less fortunate circumstances. 

Liam's also asked me about how he can smile better and body language, as he's trying to relearn all
that after being mute for such a long time. It seems like the awkwardness with Freya really got him
concerned, when he should really just realize that you win some and you lose some. Anyways, I didn't
really know what to tell him but I gave him a small pointer that his eyes stayed pretty monotone
when he smiled, and he appreciated that. The drinks till 4am with Emily and Liam was also fun. 


Finally, I'll end with some thoughts on university, inspired by this video
[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SesZBIB9sBM&t=152s]] by Pink Siddid. This guy is the guy that
sniffs out the bs in my opinion, and I've been watching his videos recently. Basically, in college,
you have the opportunity to learn about a lot of good stuff, but everybody's too busy drinking,
smoking, banging, or wasting time on social media that none of this stuff ever sticks. They graduate
college with nothing they've learned and are expected to "reach for the skies." I almost completely
agree with this. The vast majority of the people here at Duke aren't curious on learning and really
getting their hands dirty with new shit. You're basically cramming for 2 weeks shit you've never
seen before, regurgitating it on a piece of paper, getting some letter grade, and in 4 years you get
a piece of paper that says you're better than everybody else. It gets you addicted to the idea of
knowing something, rather than actually knowing something. Everything's too abstract, nobody knows
how to work for scratch. If you can't get a grade or certificate from it, it's considered useless.

Sometimes I feel like being a complete hermit in my room with no social life to maximize learning.
It's not going to be extreme up to an unhealthy degree; I'll still get the occasional lunch, work
out, etc. That way, I can actually gain some useful skills like being able to code YOLOv7 or
ORB-SLAM3 from scratch. That reminds, me I gotta start learning C++ and looking at projects I can do
with it. That also reminds me that I should learn Flutter to develop minimal mobile apps I can use.
So much to learn, so much to do. Buh bye 
