I woke up quite early at 8:15am to take a quiz for ECE588, which I didn't do so well in but eh it
doesn't really count for that much so I don't really mind. Getting up early really got a good the
ball rolling on having a good productive schedule: I had breakfast at 10am, then a meeting with
Prof. Sachs, followed by one with Prof. Kotwal, and finally Enmao. My intention was to ask them about
some of their philosophies in their work life, and I learned quite a lot from listening to their
views. 

My basic stance was this: Undergraduates on average, even in top universities, don't really spend
much time actually learning and don't have work experience and as a result, have nothing to really
contribute to a team (more about this later). In fact, most "high-skill" jobs (e.g. data science,
SWE, quant, etc.) can really just be learned on the job, and there really is no prerequisite skill
beyond the very very
basics (like can you do basic math or can you code a little). Companies can hire whoever they want
and it still won't cause much of a performance drop. But companies can't just hire anybody since
they have to choose people from the massive applicant pool and they have to maintain some prestige
or status that says "we only accept ___ types of people." So they have to find something that they
can test clueless undergraduates on. The best solution is to have them do leetcode and basic math
problems. I've asked around and being good at these problems doesn't give you any leg up in any of
these jobs. It's a test of discipline and how badly you want this job. For example, the SAT doesn't
indicate anything about your intelligence, but first it gives a standardized test to compare
everybody on, and second it tells colleges that you're willing to study for this test to get into
our college, so it's a filter of how much you want the job/acceptance. 

We talked about a few things: 
  1. What kind of jobs should you pursue? Academia? Industry? 
  2. What should your philosophy be when you're pursuing work? 
  3. What are the best steps for me as of now?  

Now let's talk about what I talked about with Matthias. He's obviously at the level of where he
doesn't need to do this shit, since he's clearly experienced enough not to waste his time on
leetcode. He told me himself that if an application makes him do that, then it's a waste of time for
him. But overall he just said generic stuff like the job market's bad and so on so, so that was
really my biggest takeaway from him. 

With Kotwal, we had a nice discussion. I was talking to him about graduate school and beyond, an. 
  1. If you want to do something that's not redundant, then you should go to grad school. I
     countered him by asking why isn't grad school redundant? He replied that at least when you're
     doing research, you can move on to different projects, have new ideas, and work through
     different pipelines (I still didn't see how this differed from doing projects as, say, a
     consultant or a product manager, so I wasn't really convinced). 
     
     A part of me does hope that he's maybe pushing me to go to graduate school since he sees talent
     in me. I also asked him what about a startup life, where you're always learning new things and
     hustling to solve problems? He agreed that it is comparable to a research education, since in
     both fields you are trying to solve a very very hard problem, and you're really thinking of
     innovative solutions for them. 
     
  2. He admits that quants do have more money, but they don't have interesting lives. I take his
     word for it more since when he was in undergrad, he got a degree from both UPenn engineering
     and business at Wharton. He realized that business is really just fluff, and the shit that
     is considered extremely innovative and high level in finance (for example, Black-Scholes) is
     elementary in math and physics. These finance people don't know what true elegance and
     innovation is. 
     
     He was telling me anecdotes about how when he was in postdoc, he went to NY and met up with his
     friends. They were telling him about these novel new securities that they were selling, and
     they try to make it as convoluted as possible for new comers so that it seems like what they're
     doing is hard, but it really isn't. Fortunately, Kotwal sniffed out the bullshit and realized
     that it was a simple thing. 
     
     Somehow when we were talking about innovation we talked about Elon Musk. What exactly made him
     a great man? I think one commonality between him and me was the desire to understand the
     necessary things completely. I read an anecodote on how he had diagnosed the sloshing of the
     fuel liquid within some rocket that had caused instability or something like that. He was the
     only one that had realized that, which amazed his team. Kotwal and I both thought that he's a
     guy that doesn't BS and he sniffs out people that BS, which is what makes him so productive.
     He's so concerned about the problem that he doesn't have time to be concerned about himself.
     This line really resonated with me. To be honest, I am very concerned about myself and this may
     not leave much brain room for me to think about great problems I can be solving.  
     
  4. He said that when applying to grad school, you first get some good GPA (Enmao recommended I get
     3.9+) but Prof. Kotwal said my 3.85 was amazing lol. But anyways, after that you look at the
     research experience, and it's better to go do deep research for more than a year in 1 or at
     most 2 projects rather than many different ones. This shows that you're willing to go solve
     very hard problems. This makes sense to me, and I think I should pivot away from my current
     strategy of working with Ying, Matthias, Kotwal, Enmao, possibly Young, etc. 
     
     I've decided that I want to work at the intersection of physics and ML, so I think having a 
     main physics prof and a main ML prof is the best for me. For physics, I think it's pretty clear
     that it would be Kotwal, since I have a good relationship with him, I can learn a lot, and he
     is free enough to give me advice. As for my ML professor, ideally it would be Dunson or Tarokh.  
     

For Enmao, it's been a while since we called but we understand each other more than average, since
we're both similiar personality wise (ENTJ) and in what we study. A couple points we talked about. 
  2. There's a couple things to consider when choosing your job: are you getting paid enough? Do you
     like your job or is it flexible? How impactful is it? I will rate these 3 for each type of job
     on a scale of 1~5, 1 being the lowest and 5 highest. He mentioned that in China, people are
     looking for jobs in order to survive, which is a very different motive than me or Enmao. To be
     honest, if survival is not an issue, why chase after even more money? Why not do something
     you're interested in? That's what he really hates the quant job lmao. 
     
  1. He said you can go into at most 5 different tracks: 
        i) first is pure academia, where you're a paper generating machine, you don't have much
           flexibility until you're very senior, and you have no money. However it does give you a
           lot of flexibility to pursue what you think is interesting in the long run, so it really
           gives you bonus points on liking the job. The impact can depend on whether you're doing
           some theoretical stuff like math (no impact) or doing very applied (can be high impact).
           However, it's generally hard to be extremely high impact. 
           
           [Pay: 2, Like: 5, Impact: 2]
           
        ii) second is industry. I said that in my experience stuff like ML/DS internships were
            just something like: you're given an excel spreadsheet of data, and you run like 2 lines
            of sklearn code and do some bullshit analysis on it, sprinkle that into a poster, and
            you're done. You don't learn anything in here, and that's what turns me off about
            industry jobs. Enmao agreed. He said that you really just learn the workflow of how big
            companies work and what their research pipeline is like, but after 3 months you're
            really just constantly doing that. I mean at least you get money, but there is almost no
            flexibility at all. 
            
            [Pay: 5, Like: 2, Impact: 3]
            
            
        iii) third is going into startups. This offers the opportunity to make a high impact on
             society. You're also getting paid by VC firms, and for the most part you have the
             flexibility to run things however you want. The pay can deviate, but if you succeed it
             is very good. So ultimately from a scaling perspective this looks like the best
             decision, and I think this track is good for me in the long run, but the main problem
             is risk. 
             
             Enmao is currently doing startup in the U.S., and he told me he would get a green card
             soon, so I'm hoping I can follow his path. He also said that he would ideally have a
             Chinese and American branch in both countries, and he would be managing remotely. 
             
             [Pay: 4, Like: 5, Impact: 4]
             
        iv) fourth is industry research. You have decent pay, but less flexibillity since the
            research ultimately has to be related to the profits of the company, but it also can
            mean higher impact. 
            
            [Pay: 3, Like: 4, Impact: 3]
            
        v) fifth is independent rearcher: This is when you already have a shitton of money and you
           can just do whatever you want. However, it'll be a while before anybody's in a position
           to do this.   
           
           
  3. As for best steps for me, he said a few things: 
    1) Don't overthink. He told me I have a tendency to overthink and overplan, but he himself,
       despite his success in academia so far, told me that he never really planned for more than 1 
       year ahead in his life, since anything could really happen. What he would do is plan for 3~6 
       months ahead in a very meticulous way and carry that out. He said I should do the same. 
    2) The whole bs interview process I'm going through right now may be good for me since I at
       least know what it is like now. I've gone through something like 25~30 interviews already, so
       in the future when I need to be in this situation again it won't be completely new to me.
       This is valuable experience. 

