This is the first time I am using Vim wiki as a way to keep track of myjournal. I'm excited to see
how fast my workflow will increase from using Vim, although to be honest
I am also using Vim for the hype around it. Regardless, it's a good time to be exploring around as
much as I can, even though it doesn't feel like it. I mean most of my friends (and everybody at a
top university) looks like they are well on their way to their dream careers, having prepared for
interviews and whatnot. It does pressure me to get into the "grind mode" but to be honest I hate
doing that. You waste a bunch of time memorizing questions and answers, take a bunch of classes you
don't really want to take (not to mention there is no retention on the most part). I don't know: it
seems like a huge waste of my talents. Even though learning keybindings on Vim or toying around with
my website using HTML may not be the best way either, at least I'm learning something and keeping it
with me. 

Alex Tong is quite interesting, since he is extremely smart yet he doesn't seem to care about the
whole recruiting process and career path. He just does what he wants to do (math & physics) and he
doesn't give a fuck about the noise. I wonder what's going on in his head sometimes. 

Anyways, I'm getting a bit tired of this internship search, and to be honest, I just want to spend a
good summer at Duke with Liam and some other friends, where I can learn all kinds of stuff by myself
and at the same time have a good fun time with friends. Once I become familiar enough with Vim, I'll
migrate all of my code into this text editor. Some things I'm thinking to do in the next few days
is: 

  - Learn C++, I see it literally everywhere and I want to learn more low level stuff, plus SLAM. 
  - Add decision trees and boosting to my notes. The latest 671 problem set was very tedious, but I
    realized decision trees have a deeper theory than I thought. 
    
These things per say won't help me boost my resume or get a good job faster, but at least I'm
learning and getting retention on what I learn. I eventually want to be a master of technology, and
how will I even do that when I can't be a master of my own computer? Therefore, it is vital that I
understand everything about math, technology, and operating systems like the back of my hand. That
reminds me, I might even start making YouTube videos where I'm implementing machine learning stuff
from scratch, like linear regression, n-gram models, and maybe even YOLOv7 if I get good enough.
I'll have a think about this.  
