Today is day 2 of using Arch. Now I realized that 60GB of space was not enough to get a good setup going, since I had to download browsers, applications, along with all my github repos, and I was planning to download Overwatch on Lutris if possible. My 60GB filled up pretty quickly and I tried to extend my partitions by using Gparted on Ubuntu or the partition manager on Windows, but after an entire day of doing this shit, I just couldn't do it. It was either impossible or I didn't know enough about SSDs and partitions to do this safely. 

At around 9pm, I couldn't wait any further. I needed Arch now, so I tried my best to back up my files (most of my stuff was on git anyways), ended up deleting my paritions for both Windows and Ubuntu, essentially wiping their operating systems. Then I did some fancy shit to put all the pieces of my SSD (there were like 9 total) together into one. I wiped Windows off the final partition and reinstalled everything from scratch. And then after that I reinstalled Windows, resplit the partitions (so that it was like 300GB to Windows and 660GB to Arch), got the Arch ISO, and did what I did yesterday now. All the work I did in setting up Arch yesterday was deleted, but it was not for nothing. I knew the workflow like the back of my hand, and I was ready to swiftly execute every step.

Viola. Everything ran smoothly, and running the `df` command gave me the clean 660GB to work with, a 10-fold increase in storage. Now I set up everything else here, making sure to really read the guides and the documentation. Now if I needed to understand every single thing before I installed a package, it would take weeks, but unfortunately I didn't have a computer set up, my machine learning HW (which I accidentally forgot to upload to git or back up) was deleted, and I needed to submit it by tomorrow. So I just rapidly installed yay, firefox, vscode, vim, and everything else. 

 
Now earlier today, Leon also messages me and asks if I have time since he just finished his midterm. I said yes but didn't delete my entire computer by then. Around 6pm when I was trying to fix it, I asked to meet for dinner at 8pm, and after we had dinner, we drank for a bit. He was simping over this Maya girl and wouldn't shut up about her. He drank quite a lot but I had to call it a night since I was not in good condition. He left at midnight. 
