I ended up waking up at like 4pm, which didn't help my feeling of being unproductive. I find it surprising how hard it is to find motivation to get up early and have a good sleep schedule these days. I haven't had a problem with just pushing through on doing the things I didn't really want to do, but this is the first time in a while. Maybe this is what some people chronically feel, like if they have depression or something. 

Anyways, I woke up and then Liam called me, asking me to drop by Wilkinson for the GenerativeAI hackathon hosted by OpenAI. I didn't have anything better to do so I decided why the hell not. I first dropped by the ideas sharing session and found a lot of good ones. One was about developing a machine learning app that helps foreigners pronounce English words better using AI-generated audio. That would have been useful, since my mom and dad are also putting a lot of effort on this. Then we had a talk with a dude from OpenAI (he surprisingly only had a masters and not PhD), and the entire talk was sort of bullshit. It was basically the professor asking "what are some tricks with ChatGPT you can use" and shit that you can look up in any YouTube video. There was no valuable insights or content behind the whole generative AI regime. That was quite disappointing, but I thought this would be a good excuse to start building small prototypes of mobile apps (with Flutter/Dart) with some sort of ML backend. I've been putting this off for too much, and it's about time I started. Surprisingly, they let me sign up (even though registration ended Oct 27), so Liam and I made a team. 

We ended up pulling an all nighter trying to download models from HuggingFace in my room. PK briefly joined, annoyed us for a bit (which was pretty funny imo, appreciate that guy), and left. We did not have the hardware to run these models, so we ended up making the app so that on the click of a button, we run a bash script that ssh-es into the i3t server and runs the models downloaded onto there (which has access to three 3090s). Anyways, Liam looked like he was about to die and at about 8am, we went to Panera, I got breakfast, he fell asleep on the couch, and I sent him home in an Uber.  
