Okay it's been a while since I did a journal, and to be honest I should have kept up with it. It's not like I was busy for an entire month and couldn't do it (though I was quite busy for about 2 weeks). Anyways, some things happened with following reflections: 
1) I got into Akuna. Surprisingly, the last firm that I interviewed for, which at that point I didn't even have any expectations for (given that I was rejected from everywhere else), accepted me as an intern. It turns out that this year was extremely competitive (they told me they accepted 5 trading interns and ~35 interns total across all fields). I guess that's what made it so hard and I was proud to get the spot, even though Akuna isn't the best of the best. I know I've been thinking about how this internship process is pretty BS (and it still is), but I hoped that I could have still been on "that side" after I got the internship offer. I wish I had the willpower to reject the offer actually, since that would have been an action that showed that I want to pursue something more -- something bigger -- than quant. But to be honest the offer was too sweet and I was too burnt out to continue applying that I ended up taking it after a week. 
2) I told my parents I was dating Sara. To be honest, I wasn't too scared of what would happen since they're really chill, but I think Sara's really happy I told them. That takes off another load of my mind. 
3) I'm back in Korea, and now that I'm here I sort of miss Duke. It think it's because of the fact that I had so little time to relax after finals ended . The trip to Korea was too rushed.  
4) Grades were good. Surprisingly, the only A I got was in the easiest class, and I got A+ for the rest. Given that I want to research in machine learning, getting A+ in both Deep Learning and Machine Learning is great. Hopefully I can leverage these to get closer to the professors. 

Now the main thing to do is relax/have fun with some friends, and also to prepare my coding environment with neovim. The only reason I started the diary today was that I finally migrated away from vim wiki to using plain neovim with the NvimTree plugin. It's solid and does the job. Speaking of which, I am really excited to start messing around with these plugins and really streamlining my workflow. I can already feel myself getting faster with these custom keybindings. I should try and master these (up to a certain extent) before I get back to school, since when the semester starts I can't really afford to fuck up anymore. Wiping my computer in the middle of last semester was not fun.  
