= Introduction = 

During recent years from my last year of high school I have been giving a lot of thought on the best
way to act socially. Just like every other skill (e.g. math, piano) can be learned, social skills
can be learned as well. This here is a collection of the many social skills that I have learned over
the years. I keep this as a way to organize my experience and to develop a set of principles (thanks
Ray Dalio) for my life. I think it will be extremely helpful in the future. 

This basically talks about everything I think of as related to social life. This includes
romantic, friend, work, and family relationships, and how to start, nurture, maintain, or end them.
I also want to talk about gender roles (or the lack of) since that's been the hot topic in the early
2020s, along with things like how to be happy socially and work-wise. Obviously, I don't have tons
of experience nor the credibility to talk about this, so I'm not really looking to share this
article with anybody but my closest friends and family. I just feel like there's many social
situations where I would have conflicting opinions and I am not sure what to do. Given situation A,
I guess I could do B but C would also make sense... I want to have an objective strategy, i.e. the
"principles" that Dalio talks about. 

It's a little surprising that I would be interested in this in the first place, having spent most of
my time doing math and sciences. I remember that once I submitted my last college application in
January 5, 2019 to UPenn (got rejected tho), I was quite burnt out from doing applications and
wanted to focus on something else. In Korea, fashion and dating life are a big thing. I've always
seen my friends focus on aesthetics, get into all kinds of drama and shit, and heard them talk about
the intriguing social lives they had. For example, my friends would talk about how they drank in
Seoul with a bunch of other guys and girls from other international schools, and I always thought
that would be fun. I didn't know nearly as many people as the other guys in my grade, though that is
to be expected since most of the connections come from hagwons and private academies, which I barely
attended. I had a lot of respect in the academic and even sports/leadership sense, but I knew I was
missing out on something, and as much as I could have brushed it off and said that I was too good
for that shit, I stayed pretty true to myself and tried to fit in more. I wanted to go out and
drink. I wanted to talk to girls. I wanted to make memories. 

I had plenty of guy friends, but I wanted to talk to girls. Obviously, this isn't something that
most guys can pull off, and I wasn't sure if it was learnable (look at all the nerds who spend
countless hours learning the hardest things, yet can't pull a girl), but I was willing to try.
Fortunately, in the volunteer service program I led, one of my friends Kyle was quite good, at least
in my opinion. He was flirty and was very comfortable with them, and I observed what he did and what
made him so damn good at getting closer to girls. I think I've successfully learned many of his
skills. 

